Add week 14 and 15 (#68)
elias-sundqvist/DATX02-20-04: docs/log.org

writing the report. That said, we are doing some developing and training in the
background to try and fine tune our results, particularly audio quality.
** Report
To efficiently work on the report from home, we have many meetings and work in
sprints. This means we spend one day of the week finalizing our changes
(mondays), and one day to plan our sprints. Planning our sprints involves
everyone (including supervisor) reading the report, commenting, followed by the
group creating issues while discussing. Issues are simple, quick fixes that can
usually be solved in a few hours.

We started this around week 13, but now a few weeks later, it has definitely
sped up writing the report. We also feel the quality of everything has gone up
significantly and it makes it very easy to just pick something to work on,
without needing to meet the rest of the group.

As of right now, we are almost done with the report. We would have been done
sooner if training wasn't a bottle neck for the results section, but not much
can be done about that.

** Exhibition
Elias wrote and recorded a video for the exhibition in week 14. This allows us

> to solely focus on report and demo, which is great.

Reviewer: Some things are not entirely done. I need to add actual audio samples, the profile pictures in the beginning should be replaced to be unique per person (people don't need pictures of themselves if they don't want through)), I should also do some takes and edit them so that I don't stumble over my words in the final version.

Training the structure generator takes a lot of time, and it has to be done in
parallel with training audio generation. As of writing this, the structure
generator is by far the most successful component in the system, performing very
well (for a bachelor thesis anyway). We consider this model done being trained,
though it could certainly improve with more training.

** Audio generator
The audio generator is not great. We have spent little time improving it these
past two weeks. The improvements we are doing mostly revolve around
hyperparameters, transform changes and experimentation with entire new modes.

Progressive GAN is something Eric implemented that seems promising. Basically it
is NVidia's way of progressively scaling up the resolution until a target
resolution is held. Our theory is that it optimizes training significanly since
it in stages adds detail. This model is currently being trained on guitar and
keyboard.

At the same time as above, we are working on generating the phase components as
a separate channel to magnitude. All models use this now, but the most trained
result still rebuilds it using Griffin-Lim, which is slow and provides bad
results for audio.

> ** Summary of each member

Reviewer: Maybe clarify that people have worked on small issues everywhere. Not only these sections.

> Most of us have been working on the report, all of us are working all over the
> report due to the sprint stuff, but in general, these are the sections we are
> responsible for:

Author: ```suggestion
We have all been working all over the report, picking issues from a backlog as detailed above. Still, here are the areas we are most responsible for (I reiterate: people have worked everywhere, not just what is listed here):
```

- *Christoffer*:
  - Theory -- signal processing
  - Design -- System overview and audio generation
  - Implementation -- audio generation
  - Results -- (not a lot currently)
- *Eric*:
  - *PROJECT*: Been training transformer and prog GAN
  - Design -- melody generation
  - Implementation -- melody generator
- *Carl*:
  - Cover pages
  - Figures across the report
  - Design -- renderer
  - Implementation -- renderer
- *Lovisa*:
  - Introduction
  - Theory regarding machine learning
  - Discussion -- section structure
  - Conclusion
  - Report language
- *Cao*:
  - Theory regarding machine learning
  - Edits everywhere
- *Elias*:
  - Introduction
  - Theory regarding VAEs and transformers
  - Discussion -- alternative models
  - Bibliographic notes

** Next few weeks

> I will most likely update again in week 17 (when the report is due) since it'd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I will most likely update again in week 17 (when the report is due) since I'd
```
